4.0.0 Changelog (#1303)
rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2: CHANGELOG.md

> ## v4.0.0 (February 2, 2024)

Reviewer: The date needs to be confirmed and updated if needed after the release.

FEATURES:

* Added support for `machine_selector_files` on . See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1225
* Added support for `graceful_shutdown_timeout` for vSphere nodes. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1228
* Added `inherited_cluster_roles` attribute to global_role. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1242

> * Added `project_id` syntax for `rancher2_project_role_template_binding`. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1272

Reviewer: It looks like the PR adds an example project_id to the description, so I suggest moving it to the enhancement section.

ENHANCEMENTS:

* Changed default Ubuntu image for DigitalOcean from 16.04 -> 22.04. See  https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1213
* Improved EKS node_group error message. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1205
* Set `protect-kernel-defaults` on rancher_v2 clusters. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1244
* Updated `default_system_registry` behavior at `rancher2_app_v2` resource. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1265
* Updated RKE config machine pool schema and structure. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1253
* [Docs] updated the documentation for `rancher_cluster_v2`. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1300
* [Docs] Remove `keypair_name` from `amazonec2_config`. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/942

BUGFIXES:

> * Fixed msc old schema to have correct type. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1223

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed `machine_selector_config` old schema to have the correct type. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1223
```

* Allow machine pools to be created and scaled down to 0. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1232

> * Fixed the issue where the for_each in rancher2_registry keeps changing the order of the list that has not changed. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1268

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed the issue where the for_each in `rancher2_registry` keeps changing the order of the list that has not changed. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1268
```

* Fixed double base64-encoding of `ca_bundle` field. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1296
* [Docs] Fixed description for using `kms_key` `eks_config_v2`. See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/892

> * [Docs] Revert "Remove OpenStack keypair_name references". See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1235

Reviewer: how about moving it to the enhancement section? 
```suggestion
* Add the `keypair_name` argument  to the `openstack_config` machine config and node template.  See https://github.com/rancher/terraform-provider-rancher2/pull/1235
```
